About the job
Roles & Responsibilities

Role Summary

We are looking for a seasoned Product Manager for our Loyalty Platform driving growth and engagement for millions of travellers. An ideal candidate will be a high performing individual contributor who owns one or more product areas. With some supervision, leads project execution and represents their product area(s) within a cross-functional team.. Collaborates, with guidance, on global roadmap planning. Socializes and coordinates planning, updates and communications with program management. Achieves expected business results within their assigned projects.

Experience

 5+ years for Bachelor's
 3+ years for Master's

Education

Bachelor's or Master's or equivalent experience

Functional/ Technical Skills

 Agile practices
 Communication
 Data science principles
 Listening
 Scientific method

Role Expectations

 Simplify and create frameworks to influence a diverse and broad audience
 Collaborate with stakeholders to gather requirements.
 Lead product discovery for initiatives assigned to determine the right solve and impact.
 Write product requirements and ensure clear communication and coordination of requirements to the business, marketing, design, and development teams.
 Effectively partner with program and engineering to drive teams to achieve aggressive targets with minimal direction
 Establish business processes and policies as well as metrics and indicators for success.
 Measure and analyze existing products and business models for opportunities to innovate and improve, providing additional benefits to developers and customers.
 Develop, report, and continually improve business performance metrics.
 Proactively identify and resolve strategic and technical issues that may impair the team’s ability to meet strategic, financial, and technical goals.
 Understands product and technology decisions, develops the product feature or product roadmap and executes on go-to-market plan.
 Plans, facilitates development, releases and measures product feature and/or products cross functionally.
 Manages backlog for product area and balances new features, bugs and tech debt.
 Demonstrates a critical understanding of functional information (e.g. legal, data/metrics, and technical information) and is able to accurately answer relevant questions.
 Makes system changes leading to desired outcomes that are crafted to scale and ensures reporting (including feedback and/or data loops) is in place to gauge customer, business and system impacts.

Experience

6-8 Years

Skills

Primary Skill: Business-Analysis
Sub Skill(s): Business-Analysis 
Additional Skill(s): Business Analysis (Software), Product Owner
