About the job
Mô tả công việc:

To be able to develop/design for Data Lake, System/Data Integration, App engine solutions (containing complex big data computations), ensure the product delivered on time, within budget.
Work with Data Expert to align architecture and solution.
Develop, optimize, and maintain scalable ETL/ELT pipelines using AWS services such as Glue, Lambda, and Kinesis.
Build and manage data storage solutions leveraging AWS S3, Redshift, RDS, DynamoDB, and Athena.
Design data ingestion workflows from diverse data sources ensuring data quality and integrity.
To make sure all incidents which cannot be solved on previous lines of support are solved (Level 3 support)
Provide Data integration standards for new IT projects within Data domain.
Research and recommend future-proofed Data integration/processing technologies e.g., cloud, advanced data platform.
Share coding experience with other team members.
The principal function of a Data Engineer is to make specific tasks, based on the business's specifications:
Collaborate with Business Analysts (BAs) to design and implement data modeling solutions at Staging, Atomic, Datamart, Sematic layer to provide business intelligence or to provide data to other downstream applications.
Design and develop solutions, including comprehensive technical documentation and operational/deployment manuals for the operation of the program by operators.
Have deep knowledge in the data domain, with expertise in utilizing and designing/develop solutions based on batch and real-time data processing technologies such as Kafka, Flink, Kafka Connect, Debezium, Spark, Hadoop, EMR, Glue...
Have knowledge of AWS cloud and the necessary services/open-source tools for data processing and infrastructure deployment, including EMR, Kubernetes (K8s), EKS, Docker, EventBridge, Lambda,StepFunction, Airflow, Terraform...
Have knowledge in optimizing data processing on database systems such as Oracle, SQL Server, and big data systems on the cloud.
Updating, repairing, modifying, developing, enhance existing development.
Investigate and troubleshoot for issues, incidents, and problems of application as level 3 support.
Study the technical updates and make the change or do upgrading release in Development area.
Follow the IT processes (development, operation) and Bank processes.
Yêu cầu ứng viên:

A bachelor's degree in computer science, information systems, or equivalent work experience, is required
At least 3-5 years working as data developer/engineer with a focus on AWS cloud technologies.
Strong hands-on experience with AWS services such as: AWS Glue, Lambda, S3, Redshift, RDS, DynamoDB, Athena, Kinesis, EMR.
Proficiency in SQL and experience working with relational and NoSQL databases.
Experience with big data processing frameworks such as Apache Spark, Hadoop, or similar.
Programming skills in Python, Java, or Scala.
Experience with ETL/ELT tools and data pipeline orchestration.
Familiarity with Infrastructure as Code (IaC) tools like CloudFormation or Terraform.
Familiarity with DevOps practices and CI/CD pipelines
3+ year Experience with Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, Postgre
3+ year experience in Data Warehouse, Data model, Data Integration, Data mart, design Database
An understanding of bank business domain
Ability in English reading and writing (mandatory), and speaking, listening (preferable).
Teamwork, careful, attention to detail, logical thinking.