About the job
I. Key Accountabilities

A. Software Development

Responsible for ensuring that the bank's digital platforms work well by managing back end site databases, performance issues, security and that the server, application and database communicate with each other.
Responsible for collaborating with business tribes to understand the needs and technical requirements before building a web application.
Responsible for the server-side web application logic and integration with front-end codes
Collaborate with Front End Developers to design more functional and cohesive codes to enhance user experience.
Responsible for driving the application lifecycle with a key focus in coding and debugging of web applications based on feedback from testers and users.
Compile and analyze data, process and codes to troubleshoot problems and identify areas for improvement.
B. Software Documentation

Work closely with tribe and squad members to translate business requirements into technical design documents.
Review and implement technical requirement documents by coding flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and guides for the program.
II. Requirements

A. Domain Expertise

4 to 8 years of relevant experience in software development
Basic knowledge in Java backend web development using scripting languages/frameworks
Candidates with experience in integration-related domains such as API Gateway, API Management, MSK, Kafka, MFT, and Event Streaming are highly preferred.
Experience working with relational DBMS and SQL
Experience working in a source-controlled environment, such as Git or TFVC
Basic understanding of API design and implementation
Basic understanding of Spring & Spring related projects
Experience in AWS
B. Agile / Digital Experience

Understands Agile principles, practices and Scrum methodologies.
Experience working in Agile teams to support digital transformation projects.
C. Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering or information technology
Good at English