About the job
Welfare

 Attractive remuneration with competitive income and 6 months/year salaries/ efficient production and business.
 A welfare package of $2000 per year including Tet bonus, holiday bonus and resort.
 Being a colleague of a team of leading technology experts in fields such as: DPI, BigData, Machine Learning, AI, Data Mining, Speech Recognition, Virtual Assistant…
 Improve capacity through intensive training courses, study support and professional certification exams.
 Consider raising the minimum salary once a year. Access to attractive promotion opportunities.
 12 days holiday, 12 vacation days and 3 annual vacation days.
 Always enjoy to the fullest full benefits of social insurance, health insurance, unemployment insurance and statutory leave and sick leave after signing the labor contract
 Join the comprehensive health care MIC insurance package.
 Relax, spark creativity with Happy Time every day, modern workspace.
 Enjoy a delicious lunch, selected by nutritionists.
 Working in key projects of the Group with large system scale.
 Experience the multiculturalism when working with Viettel's personnel in more than 10 countries.

Job Descriptions

Building an interactive system with a large number of users.

Statistics, analysis and data processing.

Building statistical modules according to the requirements of the users. customers on the basis of Big Data technology.

NoSQL database design organization.

Development and performance optimization for large data processing modules real-time.

Participate in research and customize new technologies as required by the project.

Job requirements

General Requirements

Graduated from a regular university with good grade or higher, majoring in accordance with the position.

Having experience of 02 years or more (accepting the whole process of experience work while undergrad).

TOEIC 550/990.

Required Requirements

Master some knowledge of common data structures and algorithms.

Have an object-oriented design mindset and master some common design patterns. .

Familiar with SQL and some common DBMS.

Knowledge of computer networks (protocols and protocols).

Fluent. using relational databases, or NOSQL systems.

Proficient in object-oriented programming, Java core (preferably understanding of multiple thread programming systems).

Fluent in using one of the programming languages: Java, Python, Scala.

Know how to use software development tools: Gradle, Maven …

Priority Requirements

Experience in working with Hadoop Ecosystems such as Kafka, Spark, Hbase… p>

Experience in writing Clean, Testable Codes