About the job
Job Description

Create and manage the adaptive delivery plan for multiple Vietnam Engineering teams. Ensure it is integrated to the wider tribe end-to-end release plan. 
Manage risks, issues, dependencies and continuous improvements plans for the Vietnam Engineering teams. 
Provide status reports regarding milestones, deliverables, dependencies, risks and issue, communicating across leadership. 
Coach teams towards being self-organised for Agile / Scrum ceremonies. But be prepared to facilitate when required. 
Accountable for the quality of Agile / Scrum ceremonies 
Manage the team capacity and negotiate priorities, timelines with Product Owners and other business stakeholders 
Liaise with onshore/offshore engineering teams, business and IT partners on release scheduling and communication of process. 
Ensure the release of features to production comply to NAB risk frameworks and educate the Vietnam engineering team in the use of the risk tools and framework. 
Ability to create and maintain relationships with wide range of stakeholders in Australia (e.g. Product Manager, Delivery Owner) 
Communicate effectively across all levels of the organisation. 
Support the Vietnam engineering teams in their communication to onshore teams and stakeholders 

Requirements

Must have:  

4+ years of Agile Project Management/Scrum Master experience 
7+ years in Software Development environment 
Excellent experience in SDLC methodologies – Scrum, Kanban, etc. 
Proven ability to manage and delivery complex technology projects involve multiple engineering teams both onshore and offshore 
Experience managing complex digital products (e.g. Online Banking, large digital projects) 
Real world experience with large scale Agile adoption, not just theoretical knowledge. 
Strong stakeholder management experience – raise and resolve blockers from the Vietnam team with onshore stakeholders; 
Technically competent with various software programs like Microsoft Office, Excel, Powerpoint, Visio & Sharepoint, JIRA, Confluence 
Experience with IT Service Management (e.g. Release Management) and experience with using Service Now or similar. 
Strong leadership and motivational skills and ability to present and negotiate with senior stakeholders 
Strong English communication skills (verbal & written) 

Nice to Have: 

Experience working in large enterprise organisations e.g. banking 
Exposure to Microservices, Web and Cloud technologies 
Degree in Computer Science, Information System or similar 
Project Management Professional (PMP certification preferred) 
Agile – Certified Scrum Master 

Benefits

Package 14 salary months
Extra package per year
Young and dynamic working environment.
Continuous development of hard and soft skills through work and professional training.
Opportunity to approach the newest technology trends
Exciting leisure: sports and art events, football club, family day…
The company’s labor policy is completely pursuant to Vietnamese labor legislation plus other benefits offered by the company (Company trip, Holidays, etc.)

How To Apply

Please send your application via email: recruitment@cmcglobal.vn 

3+ years of experience

By submitting your application to recruitment@cmcglobal.vn, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed to CMC Global’s REGULATIONS ON THE PROTECTION OF CANDIDATES’ PERSONAL INFORMATION.
Years of Experience Required
Required Education Level

Bachelor’s Degree

Job Level

Middle/Senior

Work Form

Full-time

Email: recruitment@cmcglobal.vn