About the job
Company Description

Rakuna is an HR technology company based in Silicon Valley, US, and Hanoi, Vietnam providing total recruiting solutions for employers.

We are looking for a motivated and enthusiastic Software Engineer Interns to join our team!

As a Software Engineer Intern, you will be responsible for supporting our software development team in all aspects of the development, testing, and implementation of our product.

Want to be part of a transformative, learning culture that drives innovation? Join us!

For more info: https://www.rakuna.co/

Job Description

Assist in building and/or managing product pipelines including planning, development, and maintenance. 
Analyze information and evaluate results to choose the best solution to effectively solve problems. 
Provide quality assurance (QA) support through product testings. 
Work with peers, managers, and teams to create and support core functional teams - Sales & Marketing, Quality and Customer Success, and Operations. 
Learn in-depth about how to create a product in a start-up environment. You might be the next entrepreneurial commander for your future start-up!

Qualifications

Must have:

Commit at least 6-months as full-time intern
Currently enrolled in a Bachelor's program in Computer Science, Information Technology or a related technical field. 
Experience of coding in one of the following programming languages including but not limited to: Ruby, C/C++, Java, Python, Go..... 
Demonstrated interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed. 
Developed communication skills, and adequate ability to speak and write in English. 
Effective teamwork, project management, creative problem-solving. strong communication skills. 

Nice to have (but not required):

Technology internship experience or work experience (e.g: research assistant, teaching assistant, personal projects, etc.). 
Interested in or love the startup-like environment, want to challenge self and aim for a leadership prospect. 

Additional Information

Perks:

Be a part of a young, dynamic, multinational and multi-functional team that serves global customers with new everyday challenges (Our team has staff working in US and Vietnam). 
Join a working culture that is fast-paced, goals driven, and committed to long-term career development. 
Monthly 1-1 performance review with your supervisor/manager to ensure you meet your goals and get the support you need to succeed in your position. 
High work flexibility and ownership. 

Address: Head Office: 156 Viet Hung, Long Bien, Hanoi

Apply: Submit your resume to apply. Only qualified and shortlisted candidates will be contacted.

Application Deadline: Open until filled.